# Pfizer-Vaccine-Machine-Learning-and-Time-Series
Machine learning, natural language processing, time series analysis on tweet data to check if people are willing to get the Pfizer vaccine or not 

# Description of the dataset:
From Kaggle/ The data is collected using tweepy Python package to access Twitter API. Study the subjects of recent tweets about the vaccine made in collaboration by Pfizer and BioNTech, perform various NLP tasks on this data source.
# Keywords: Mechin learning, Natural language processing, Time seies analysis; COVID-19; Pfizer Vaccine

# Introduction:
COVID-19 pandemic impacted the whole world, overwhelming healthcare systems - unprepared for such intense. Having more accurate information about the number of people who are willing to get the vaccine is important to produce enough amount of the vaccine. The tweets in this data set do not have associated sentiment labels. In this study, I use various visualization tools and exploratory data analysis, and time-based analysis to perform sentiment analysis and check if people are willing to get the Pfizer vaccine or not. Specifically, I analyze the tweets from December 2020 to April 2021, to study the change of the people interest in getting vaccinated over time based on the number of positive, negative, and neutral tweets. This can be difficult because COVID-19 is a new disease with many uncertainties and scientists are still working on the vaccine. As the proposed approach is data-oriented it is benefited from the actual behavior of data. It is also robust to human errors and potential biases. This research can provide patients and medical practitioners with accurate information about the vaccine availability and the schedule. So, COVID-19 vaccine appointments can be scheduled efficiently. And, It helps with better management and expensive and scares healthcare resources. The risk is that the data may not be generalizable. Though it provides an initial step toward a more accurate prediction of the amount of required vaccine as the payoff. In the next cell, we load the data and we see the first three rows.¶

# Conclusion:
In this project, I have studied sentiment analysis over time for tweets from Pfizer vaccine. I have analyzed the pattern of the positive, negative and neutral tweets from December 2020 to April 2021. Using visualization tools, the number of negative tweets (with a mean value of 11 tweets) is less than the number of possitive tweets (with a mean value of 30 tweets). Therefore, we can conclude that people are more willing to get vaccinated over time.
